{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Oh look, I went back because I knew Paolo had sent an email with some of the parameters, turns out he attached the source code (attached). I\'92ve also pasted below with his description, plus some text I wrote to Paolo describing the analysis. -Patrick Goodbourn\
\
Paolo:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 As for the jump-dot task, yes, it was a single dot flashing and jumping position at regular intervals. The task was to report by mouse click the position of the dot when the cueing circle flashed. At the end of the trial, all the dots would appear and stay on the screen until the subject clicked the one she thought had been cued.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb4 I think you got the stimulus parameters right. Position 1 is 12 o'clock, then increasing clockwise. I attach the source code, which may be useful for digging up this sort of things. CRT timings and screen size are the same as the other tasks (they were all run on the same eMac).\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb4 Me:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 Here\'92s an analysis of the dot-jump data. What I\'92ve done is model a 2-D distribution, the cross-product of a Gaussian in time and a von Mises in space. For any given response, it could be one of twenty-four combinations of spatial and temporal error (e.g. for a given sequence, the same error could be +1 item in time and -3 items in space, or -1 item in time and +2 items in space, or +7 items in time and -2 items in space, and so on). Given a distribution of spatio-temporal error, the likelihood of a given response is the sum of the probabilities of any combination of errors that could lead to that response. I\'92ll explain in more detail later, but those are the broad strokes of the ML procedure.\cb1 \
\
\cb4 The x-t distribution has five parameters: efficacy, latency and precision, as we would usually understand them; plus bias and spread, the mean and circular SD of the spatial distribution. Then the rightmost two panels show the distributions for the two groups, with the white dot representing the target. Time runs from the centre of the circle to the perimeter. Basically, there\'92s no evidence of the dyslexic group being worse than controls on any parameter (or of a group difference in bias, which doesn\'92t have a clear \'91worse\'92 direction).\cb1 \
}